The 'Discord IM Online Tracker' monitors the online status of any avatar in Second Life and sends notices of login/logoff to the owner of the object and/or a configured Discord channel.

See https://online.neoman.dev for full documentation and How-To articles.

This document is an abbreviated quick setup guide. See the full setup instructions in the 'Setup Instructions - README' notecard.

SETUP STEPS
────────────

1. Rez a copy of the "Discord IM Online Tracker (rez me)" object:

   Drag and Drop the "Discord IM Online Tracker (rez me)" object from your inventory to an in-world location.

   The online tracker initially begins to track the owner's online status.
   To configure an Avatar to track proceed to setup step 2.

2. Configure the Avatar you wish to track

   Click the rezzed Online Tracker object

   A dialog menu will be presented upon owner touch of the object.

   Click the "Target AVI" button - a menu of options to manage the target Avatar will open

   Click the "Input UUID" button - a text box will open

   Copy and Paste the UUID of the Avatar you wish to track into the text box

   Click the "Submit" button

3. See below to configure your Discord Webhook URL

You can repeat this process for as many Avatars as you wish to track, one Avatar per rezzed tracker object.

Each rezzed online tracker object will rename itself with the tracked Avatar display name in its object name.

DISCORD SETUP
──────────────

In order to be able to communicate from SL to Discord, you need to create a Discord "Webhook". To do this, you need your own Discord server or a server you co-administer. For testing purposes, we highly recommend to make a new server (it's free!), or at least create a new channel on your existing server.

The Webhook is best created in the Discord web application;  NOT on the mobile app! Please refer to the video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKOIPxqHYI8 - to see how/where to get the Webhook. Be aware that the way the interface looks might have changed since then.

In the channel list, you will find a small cogwheel icon, that gets you to the channel configuration. Click it, chose "Integrations" and click on "Create Webhook". The name of the Webhook is irrelevant (and won't show up anywhere). All you need is the Webhook URL, which looks like this:

https://discord.com/api/webhooks/aaaaaalotofgibberishandnumbersandsuch

Configuration
──────────────

Once the Webhook is created, you need to configure the online tracker using the dialog menu.

- Have your previously configured Discord channel Webhook URL ready to copy and paste

- Click the 'Discord IM Online Tracker' in-world object to open the dialog menu.

- Click the 'Discord' button of the Main dialog menu

- Click the 'Webhook' button of the Discord dialog menu

- Copy your Discord channel Webhook URL and paste it into the Input Box

- Click the 'Submit' button
